[Music]
What's up kids how are you I hope
you're enjoying your Thursday
we're almost at the weekend
but hey the salsa singer you know
never rests and today I have to tell you
some news that you're going to love well
first of all remind you that
tonight I'm going to see you live on
this channel it's not live only
in tweets tonight it depends on the salsa singer there are people
telling me through the
earpiece that I have to say that I have to
answer a streamer who
put an end to me or Filipino this afternoon
but I have to confirm it I have to
confirm if it's only that we'll
dedicate a while
only in tweets so I'll wait for you
there activate notifications if there
are more to the CEO then I will do like yesterday be
live from here too but when
I stayed training for the tournament then
I will stop by and we will all stop by the
tweets only
to train hard so I have to
take that those hundred thousand dollars that are
going to be taken away that half of it is going to be
doing well family also
remember that I am very active during
the day in fact today  been practically
all day and yesterday also live on
this channel that I hold dear also
with many al pse ovales teles to the ceo and
also we are breaking records okay
there we had a peak of 12,000
viewers and today we had
almost 6,000 teles to the ceo and two subscribe
because I am my file Dallas
just posted this incredible tweet okay
incredible
about the debate that we are waiting
with great anticipation for him to upload to his channel
the moment he uploads it I do
n't know if I will react legally
I will upload it to my channel according to my main friend
the opinion you will see but come on we are
looking forward to seeing it because you are a
gem at the level of what he did with the
internet yeah okay well attentive look at the
capture that he publishes ard to the but not his
low my lawyer is reporting you
piece of meat with his lawyer no no no he is not going to
report it if he reports it you
report it using your lawyer no if he
reports it you surely lose if you
report it you lose or the
consent to give an interview has been located and
aggravated aware that it is being
recorded
hold on
literally you hold on sometimes it
seems that energy never  I will never
know how to pronounce it I am looking forward to
knowing the debate to see how Dallas
pronounces it no energy energy energy
cachito sing with an eye he did not like the
debate we had where literally pay
attention he
acknowledges many more crimes and
shady behavior I already said it when I was
recounting the text that Dallas uploaded no
but if it is that let's see if it is that before
everything happened he
uploaded it live you saw how
blatantly he went to say that he
liked things that appear that they
appear less than me
and on top of that he is
no longer fine, nothing fine and I am not
saying this to mess with the exhibited okay I am
completely serious I think he
needs help help help I think he
needs help you
already gave your consent for the
recording it's not like you can
revoke it now they seem ain at this point I
think she's deaf she's going to publish it in the
next few hours let's see it's 11 at
night
well I don't know if she can't publish it
today I imagine that
I imagine that she may publish it
today because he uploaded a video on his
channel  main and this goes for the
main but let's go for it and I say
the possibilities that the good
families if he uploads it today then
we'll talk about it okay so nothing retweet
this is worth it so that it is noticed that we
want to wait this tweeting is worth it
and nothing wanting to enjoy that pot
because trying to intimidate Dallas with
that low complaint because they look bad in a
debate that he has had with him seems to me, let
's go the most ridiculous thing is
not to tell Dallas that the
lazy kings exist and it slips in a little more that
things are as they are
well family what do you think you are
reading do not forget that we have an
appointment today at the wicked time very late
because I have to see the one of the temptation
is I'm sorry so then we talk a
kiss
[Music]